Remove UCX-Py (#7130)
rapidsai/cuml: wiki/mnmg/Using_Infiniband_for_MNMG.md

> [!WARNING]

> > Instructions in this page are deprecated and will not work with latest cuML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Instructions on this page are deprecated and will not work with the latest version of cuML.
```
